---
posttype: "blog"
title: "A New Start"
date: "2019-08-14"
image: ./new_start.jpg
credit: "Photo by Jukan Tateisi on Unsplash"
alt: "child standing at the bottom of stairs"
---

So I've been looking for junior web dev positions to start a career as a developer for a while now and I read somewhere that to market myself as a developer, to make myself more appealing to recruiters and employers, I needed a web presence.

A portfolio of projects isn't enough so I thought that I would start a blog. "Oh no! Not another web development blog." I hear you moan. There seems to be too many devs blogging about the latest JavaScript tech or tutorials on array methods, but not enough content exists about  junior or graduates looking for work as professional web developers.  My content will aim to share my experiences as a junior web developer looking for a full time role. I'll blog about meetups and networking, interviews, assignments for the interview process, and projects I build along the way.

Keep an eye out on my projects page which I aim it to be a “story mode” of the project creation process, from wireframing to finished product. Start to finish. By doing this I hope will reinforce my learning and show my capabilities. I’ve also noticed the importance of documenting the process of coding a site or app, letting those looking at your content see where you managed to solve problems you encountered while coding.

Hope that other juniors and those looking to start a career as a web developer find my posts insightful, and I hope that anyone who went through similar experiences can share theirs and give constructive criticism and offer advice. I've integrated Disqus to make this possible.



