---
title: "Rant"
date: "2019-10-31"
image: ./no_entry.jpg
credit: "Photo by Kelli McClintock on Unsplash"
alt: "restricted area sign"
---

Last night I went to a coding workshop to get help and advice for a project I was having a little difficulty with, and to ask for some advice about my portfolio. We didn’t get time to discuss my portfolio but the coach was very helpful with showing me a workaround on the problem I had with implementing some code.

After everyone had a chance to mingle and get a bite to eat, students were allocated to their coaches.  I noticed the average student to coach ratio was 2:1 which didn’t come to a surprise as a spot to any event to this particualr meetup or workshop is in high demand. Now, I’m not complaining about the lack of coaches as I understand that this is a not for profit organisation and coaches volunteer their time. What grinds my gears is their eligibility criteria.

On their website it states: 

“Our workshops are available to woman, LGBT and people who are underrepresented in the tech industry”.

Does it mean that straight unbiased men are not welcome?
Not knowing this, I attended two of their workshops. Last night being the second and over a month gap between the two. And strangely enough I get an email asking me to confirm that I belong to an eligible group. I replied by saying I do not belong to a "group". I could have lied and said I do, but then I would have been caught out because on their website there is this:

“If we determine that you have signed up and do not belong to an eligible group, we will permanently suspend your student invitations without warning.”

So, does this mean I will still get invitations to attend even though I’m a straight man? Am I blacklisted never to attend ever ever? Don’t get me wrong I’m not against woman, LGBT, or people of colour working in tech. I'm all for diversity in any industry. I think it is very strange that I am now labeled. I think I do belong in the underrepresented group. My age being the factor and in my opinion companies do not want to employ older people.

Do you know of any good coding workshops in London? 
