---
title: "Past Interviews Part One"
date: "05 September 2019"
image: ./interview_one.jpg
credit: "Photo by Allec Gomes on Unsplash"
alt: "Chair in spotlight"
---

This and the next post is a catch up on all the job applications that I have had interviews for, so that my next post about the most recent interview that I have will be just about that specific one. 

### Publishing House

The first interview to start off my job hunt was with DK Publishing in early December last year. I was really excited about this application as it was my first and it seemed to be the perfect role. I had a telephone interview with the Head of Development and Delivery. They were happy with what I had to say and I was sent a little assignment/project to complete over a weekend. Vanilla JS, HTML, and CSS.

I spent a lot of time on the project which involved coding a responsive layout for the user to subscribe to topics that they would like to get more information about via email . Assets like icons and images were provided. I still have the project on GitHub pages, [DK newsletter](https://christocarr.github.io/dk-newsletter-project/)
I really enjoyed the project and I thought I did pretty well. I did not get a response from the Head of Development or HR so I guessed I was not successful.

### Dream Job One

My second interview was in late January this year, almost a two month gap between the first and this one. After sending off my application for a role as a junior in a b2b creative marketing agency I was invited to a telephone interview. 
They asked me how I got into web development and my experience. I was sent an assignment to complete that involve making an animated banner. [MOI test](https://github.com/christocarr/junior-dev-test/tree/master)

Impressed with my submission I was asked to go for an in-person interview. 
The commute to the office I was potentially going to work was an hour-and-a-half which the project manager highlighted as a potential problem, but I did point out that I was willing to relocate.  Another set back was they were looking for someone with Wordpress experience which I did not have but they did say they would offer training. At the end of the interview they said they would be in contact as they still had more interviews and they would let me know if I was successful or not. I was not successful, the reason being the commute and my lack of Wordpress knowledge but they did mention I was in the top 5.

### Dream Job Two

This role I was really excited about and a dream job working for a renowned institution visited by millions of tourists every year. Who wouldn't want to work for the Natural History Museum? 
After applying, I received a task from the resourcing manager set out by the lead developer:
“We’d like you to take a look at our website, www.nhm.ac.uk, and tell us what you see. We want to know your assumptions, your thoughts, your conclusions – from a developer’s point of view. 
