---
posttype: "blog"
title: "Proven Ways for Junior Developers to Standout"
date: "2019-12-07"
image: ./meetup.jpg
credit: "Photo by NeONBRAND on Unsplash"
alt: "People in classroom"
---

If you are a new developer looking to get your first role as a junior developer with no experience then the following tips can help you get noticed and more interviews. 

### Contribute

By contributing to open source you show recruiters you can work with others and know how to work with source control like github or gitlab. Don’t feel overwhelmed by open source. As a junior developer learn the basics and start off small like fixing typos in readme files. Freecodecamp has an excellent [guide](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/how-to-contribute-to-open-source) on how to contribute to open source. 

### Blogging

Create a blog and write about your experiences as a junior. You don’t even have to create a blog, there are many blogging platforms out there that are willing to host your blog posts. [dev.to](https://dev.to/) is a fantastic platform. 
Write about what you have been learning like a new framework or a new EcmaScript feature. Create something valuable for the reader as this is a way of giving back to the community. 
Tech recruiters and employers are on the lookout for good communicators. Don’t be rejected if you feel that you are not good at writing. Like everything it takes time and practice. Just like coding, you won’t excel without the practice. Write a few lines every day and you’ll soon notice that you’re getting better at it. Just start!

### Help Others

Freecodecamp’s forum and stackoverflow is a great way not only to help others and the developer community but also retain information.
But be weary of people that are genuinely looking for help and those that are taking a short cut. Ask them if they have researched the problem themselves or give them hints as to solve their problem. 
Browse the forums and look for someone who is having difficulty with their code. Become a mentor to someone who is just starting out. 

### Network

Going to conferences, hackathons, and meetups/talks is a great way to meet other more experienced devs. By listening and talking to others you can pick up a lot of helpful tips and information. Possibly even get employed. I went to a monthly developer talk just recently and before the talks started the host did mention that his company is recruiting and that to see him after the talk.

### Conclusion

By doing some of these will help you grow as a developer. Make you stand out and more noticeable. The journey of a web developer is long. There is so much to learn, the web developer's environment changes consistently.  So once you have your first role as a shiny new junior developer, don't stop learning and keep on contributing to the community.  